The goal of this video series is to give you,
the aspiring Ken player, consistent oki options off all of his most common knockdowns and combo
routes. For a good oki setup we want to achieve the
following Beat wakeup throws
Beat wakeup mashing Beat wakeup jumps
Beat wakeup Drive Impact And we wanna make sure that it works if they recover backwards or in place. Oki setups are usually constructed out of
two parts: the Framekill and the Meaty. The framekill is a move we do in order to
adjust our timing so that the next action hits meaty. This is usually a whiffed button, a dash,
or a jump. (Some setups don't have a framekill) Meaty traditionally means that it hits on
the first possible active frame. Now, in some cases these setups will hit on the
first possible “actionable” frame meaning it will hit on frame 2-3 before the opponent can take an 
action besides wakeup reversal or wakeup parry Which, is actually pretty decent in SF6 because
it avoids being perfect parried on wake up. As a final note there are way more oki options
than the ones that I'm showing here. This is meant to be a jumping off point covering
the most useful/stable options that Ken has. For a more comprehensive list please take
a look at my Ken Notes linked in the description below. So, with all that being said - let's get started. First off is one of his most useful setups
from target combo into enhanced tatsu. This gives you an overhead that can combo
straight into 5MP again, and leaves you only negative 1 if it’s blocked. This is a big part of what makes Ken’s command
run on knockdown scary, and how you can bait reversals later by canceling the run (KK~LK) instead
of going for the overhead (KK~MK)  The double dash forward after enhanced tatsu
is one of Ken’s most flexible oki choices since it leaves you +5 in their face - basically
letting you meaty, throw, backdash, or do whatever you want really. The timing on both of these oki choices can
be a little strict at first, so make sure you set your training dummy to mash, jump, or
throw on wakeup and get the timing down. After target combo into enhanced DP The Drive
Rush into 5HP is autotimed, allowing for good oki when going for the more damaging combo
ender over Run tatsu. If you’ve already got them close to the
corner this is what you wanna do.  This will lose to wakeup parry however, so
be sure to mixup your Drive Rush options with 5HP or drive rush into throw if your opponent
likes to parry on wakeup. Ending your combo with Run Dragonlash 
(instead of going into the DP like everyone enjoys) gives you the chance to get a safejump with Ken midscreen. This means that when you go for the jLK, if
done correctly, you’ll either hit them while  they are mashing/jabbing or jumping, and you’ll 
recover in time to block if they go for a reversal or super. This one is incredibly strong. Similar to the one off of Run Tatsu that we
just learned, but with one less frame you can only combo into 2LP here. If they recover in place you can go from there
into target combo, but if they recover backwards you’ll want to do a light combo ending in
DP because the 5MP will whiff. You are +4 on hit though, so you have time
to walk forward and go for a throw, or backup and press 5HP or any other kind of neutral
reset situation where you have a bit of advantage. Ok so the reason this one is in red is because 
it's not perfect. It's manually timed. You can still get Drive Rush 5HP here but you 
need to delay it by 3-4 frames or so Because  If you do it automatically, where it is autotimed
you're gonna whiff, you can be thrown out of it... You can be mashed out of it you can be jumped over
all these things so - This DOES technically work but you 
need to put in a manual delay here. While this combo is the one that most Ken
players seem to learn first, once you get the setups down for the others, I only recommend
doing this one if you 100 percent need the side switch. It is rare that you're gonna be poking 
with sweep instead of 2MK... but in the event that you get a regular hit 
knockdown for sweep this is your go to oki. Forward dash 5HP lets you go into 2MP afterwards
which can then be canceled into M Tatsu which is your most consistent option without using
drive rush here. On block, with it being +1 means you have 
some flexibility in going for pokes or... whiff punishing afterwards or 
whatever you like to do. Ok next up is sweep but the counter / punish counter versions
which have WAY more knockdown frames. Letting us do some really cool things This first one is a little wild but has some
interesting uses. If you are close to the opponent it will side
switch, and if you’re further out you’ll still be +1 on top of them. The only thing that meaties here is 2LP so
trying to throw will end up losing to mashes. It’s also fairly easy to messup since you
have to be frameperfect on the tatsu after sweep ends BUT  This is really cool and I do encourage the use of it.  Alright the next setup is a lot easier 
and really fun to do This setup lets you dragonlash, which as we
all know is the best thing ever. It will lose to standing jabs but will counterhit
almost any crouching normal, throws... and hit jumps out of the sky. On block you can go into normal dragonlash
pressure and the best thing is  Is that it's also DI safe.  You know how much people love to DI 
Dragonlash so you know...it's good stuff. :)   So I remember somebody sharing on Twitter this like
Unga Bunga Oki thing for Luke... Turns out that Ken's got that too so 
if you want to look...a little crazy You can just sweep again after sweep
and do your 5HP... It...it works. 
It's actually...really good. So... ya know - go be CRAZY. Forward throw midscreen doesn’t provide
a lot of options, but it does consistently let you Drive Rush into 5HP. Just the fact that you’re likely going to
be doing more meter damage than you spend to set this up makes it a good choice if you
get forward throw instead of backthrow by accident. For backthrow by the way you don’t 
get anything midscreen. (Sorry folks) Sorry folks. 214MK is an interesting combo ender because
it only ever is really used for corner carries off of something strange that you don’t
want to drive rush cancel like a 2MP or 2MK So, M tatsu when you need it, is really the best option as
it combos consistently, it has really good corner carry, and it provides 
a lot of knockdown time. Dash x2 is the simplest and most effective
choice here ensuring you get to keep your turn and keep pushing them to the corner where
they belong. And finally for EX Reversal DP, OD DP, 
Sometimes you just gotta DP out..   and when you do, Drive Rush 5HP has your back. Now it's just like the other one Off of Dragonlash, HDP  But basically you have to delay it a bit
in order to properly reach the opponent But when it does, you’ll enjoy the same
benefits of 5HP in other drive rush setups, just know that you can whiff this, you can press 
the button early and not reach the opponent  So ya know, your mileage may vary. 